hey everybody welcome back to northern
lion plays the binding of issac
afterbirth plus we got Oh Nance Street
today this is one of the I think I would
say fan favorites at least to watch when
you miss you take damage is that I
believe that's correct oh we got charge
bars and this one as well so we
officially as of right now can miss once
chocolate milk is a huge get on this one
I actually forgot that it was was part
of the loadout
basically we need HP it's a Judas run
and if you you don't have to hit an
enemy I guess but you have to hit
something or you run the risk of dying
so an early game spirit heart would
pardon me I must have tapped by accident
an early game spirit art or something
like I'm not even counting that one
that's BS an early game spirit heart or
something like that would be meaningful
barring that hey you miss 100% of the
shots you don't take so as long as we
know no no how though you're gonna tell
me that if I miss with the creep shot
hits a wall I'm gonna take damage or
what the creep shot killed the enemy so
our chocolate milk shot missed okay sure
whatever you say range down fairly
irrelevant honestly an early game range
down doesn't mean a whole heck of a lot
all we need to do damage is quite good
right now all we need to do get an HP
upgrade preferably some means of which
to replenish our HP in the future and
then the world's our oyster oh my god
dude creep shot is actually horrible for
this I have no idea but it turns out
that it's actually complete garbage
because if it kills an enemy and then
you shoot you're just done so yeah we'll
I mean we're not gonna have really any
choice in the matter here but because of
course of the blind but we're gonna try
to avoid falling victim to that in the
future here
kind of maybe just take an extra second
in every item room where we can see the
item and just go is there a bed part of
this like is there something about this
that might be particularly bad on a an
ona on street challenge to be fair I
don't think I even remembered that creep
shot actually causes you to sometimes
shoot a you know a tear of its own
independence we should look for a spirit
heart because this could also give us
deal with the devil chances which could
be valuable we might as well check - a
diamonds is good in fact as of right now
two of diamonds that has made us one
cent so you know don't don't be looking
down on that right now it's pretty huge
this was a good first floor we also got
an HP upgrade we're gonna head down to
the next floor maybe like two or three
more HP upgrades that start to feel
pretty confident about this but I like
that the the terms of this run are very
obvious you know it's very easy to
figure out what we're doing here little
gurdy by the way is not a ten out of ten
in my opinion reason is it could kill
enemies I'm gonna give it like a little
more love here but it could kill enemies
and we don't want it to kill enemies
because that means that our shot that
comes right after it might actually miss
it's kind of a situation I would prefer
not to find myself in enemies rushing us
down from all sides fourteen cents but
half a spirit heart remaining just be
very careful as well not to like
DoubleTap accidentally ooh so now I
really think that that eternal heart
might represent a game win we just need
to actually all that was bad I need to
give it a chance to manifest itself into
existence now I'm not the contrary to
what you might think I'm I I'm not
really looking for something to beat the
system converters obviously no good here
I think we will take starter deck that's
pretty solid High Priestesses
potentially great ace of clubs is
irrelevant I'll buy a three cent key is
and then we'll go to our item room or we
get proptosis which I don't think is
gonna ruin the run I know you might be
worried because you're like oh your
shots will I go through enemies now
maybe maybe not
mostly I'm happy to have 17 damaged so
let's get a high priestess out here lay
the SmackDown
I don't necessarily need brimstone here
is what I'm getting at if they gave it
to me sure I would be stoked I am a
human being you know I can't tell a lie
we would probably have almost guaranteed
win however I'm content to do the
challenge the way they want me to do the
challenge we've kind of got a nearly
ideal way of doing that right now at
least I think I mean we got 17 damage
and I'm not sure that's 17 damage per
shot fully charged with chocolate milk
or 17 damage per shot not charged at all
with chocolate milk which is its own
kind of unique little mess there but
suffice to say our existing damage is
very good got a couple of things on the
go like it would be wise to keep our uh
our spirit hearts as strong as possible
it would be wise to rush a little bit uh
I can't imagine rubber cement being bad
here as long as our shot hits an enemy
before it starts bouncing anything it
catches after the bounce is like gravy
as far as I'm aware at least now this is
I and again I like that afterbirth did
this but the hard challenges go longer
for whatever reason like this is much
much harder than Pride Day but it's also
much more interesting in my opinion at
least so let's try a at our card got one
cent out of it hoping maybe we got a
little bit more but not too perturbed
either way oh and it's a doubled item
room that's right
if anything I actually think that we
might get a second crack when we miss
what that hit though on that that's not
me saying oh but that should've hit
that's me saying I saw that shot hit an
enemy unless I'm losing it here
speed and range upgrade is fine the
spirit arts probably more valuable
we got like above this just being a fun
challenge sometimes see that bothers me
above this just being a fun challenge
sometimes or right now this is also like
a really cool run in its in its present
state please be a tinted rock no but I
think we'll explore a little we already
found our secret room my bed I think
we'll do a little bit more exploring to
try to get a key if we can't buy one on
the shop which we can't but I'll take
buddy in a box
assuming buddy in a box the shots don't
count as a miss if they do I will be
very very displeased I think we should
prepare ourselves for the possibility of
randomly taking damage I think we may
find ourselves taking a little bit of
phantom damage sometimes that as of
right now I can't really figure out a
cause for
kind of on edge that like every time we
do it we're gonna get popped but every
time we shoot that is we're gonna get
popular so far it's actually been
relatively okay I think I'm gonna try
just to get like a magic mushroom
something like that or a a good pill
that's gonna hurt yeah that we deserve
that one alone up to that one this is
just a random room so I wanted to check
it out it is gonna give us bookworm and
I think you also might want to look it
we got a lot of things that oh you know
what dice shard you might want to look
at maybe taking I was gonna say taking
how to jump there but Boca Belial is
probably fine to keep sneeze - okay you
know what it is it's somebody in a box
occasionally killing enemies especially
like buddy in a box
shooting through thank you buddy in a
box shooting through multi-dimensional
baby and amping up like the value of
that amping up the value of that tier
and causing us to take damage as a
result so it's actually like quite bad I
should not have taken buddy in a box
maybe that's the the real danger on this
run is accidentally taking items that
make things that are your tears too good
but reserving judgment on that cuz we're
still killing it
I think shoopdawhoop actually an amazing
choice now the reason shoopdawhoop is so
good is cuz we might be able to skirt
let's do that again we might be able to
skirt around the requirements for a onan
streak might be able to just walk into a
room if you don't hit an enemy with
shoopdawhoop you take damage or did I
kill it with the loop and take damage
because my dear miss like don't charge a
shot walk in here smack em didn't take
damage so all we need to almost almost
guarantee ourselves a win is
the ability to use that more than once
per room all right sorry once per room
the way that we would do that is by
getting like none sad well not a nun's
habit I suppose but nine-volt for
example so what we should do is not
charge up a shot rate when we're about
to use it it's gonna be a hard habit to
break but I think it's worth it yeah I'm
I find myself compelled we could also
and I know you're in your brains you're
trying to work this one out and say is
this a good idea I probably should have
been hit there could we use IV bag to
avoid the damage that we were gonna step
on the creep that time I'm a little mad
could I use IV bag to dodge the damage
that I'm taking from missing an ona and
street shot I'm assuming the answer is
no but I'm also leaving it open that the
answer could be yes if you timed it like
perfectly which I don't trust us to do
we've started to take more damage than
I'm happy with to be honest
honestly buddy in a box might be able to
win this run by itself at this point
want that we definitely want the spirit
heart as well who I mean we don't need
the damage so I'm just gonna I'm gonna
speed this one up a little bit by taking
the ability to fly but I'll admit that
the less read hearts we have the more
dangerous this run becomes there's no
question but at least now we can do
stuff like this I'm a little worried
that what's happening is like I'm
creating so many shots by a bookworm and
you know multi-dimensional baby and then
rubber cement causes them to like bounce
around and the hitbox is enormous
because of proptosis and like sometimes
the tears will I don't know maybe like
the multi-dimensional baby or bookworm
tear is killing an enemy but my tear is
not hitting them and as a result I'm
taking damage for that but like I've
confused myself and the game pretty
thoroughly right here I don't want to
leave without going to the item room and
I don't I mean I sort of do want to do
boss rush but see that irritates me
because like those shots are hitting
that one didn't really but like where's
the line where's the line what is the
line okay we got a spear in our back I'm
like a little less mad magic mush is
huge I guess this one kind of irritates
me about these challenges to begin with
like I I still appreciate them being in
the game and and definitely like when
they came out I was most looking forward
to like multiple expansions to play the
challenges because that's kind of like
oh they're probably gonna introduce me
to the new stuff from the from the set
without me having to find it naturally
which is nice but sometimes the game it
feels like it doesn't necessarily play
by its own rules now as always I'll
leave open the possibility that I'm
making like a big mistake here we need
then I'm making a big mistake here and I
just don't know why I'm not taking
damage but I think I have it like
reasonably diagnosed I think it's my
bookworm shot killing an enemy and my
normal shot not touching an enemy
because the bookworm shot killed it
now I would argue and you may disagree I
would argue personally that the bookworm
shot is mightier and as a result should
count as an enemy
we got a try
Tammi said huh there's something here
shoopdawhoop is also great but hear me
out I'm also trying to run before like
my tears Dee instance in the hopes that
that would be enough what maybe I
actually touched an enemy that time
because otherwise I don't see it no okay
well I guess we're running running out
the clock here because Tammy's head
apparently it certainly should not be if
every shot does not touch an enemy you
take damage if that's the way it is
we'll stop using it ASAP but I refuse to
believe that they'd flub that to that
extent that's like that's too much no
keys
yeah okay so that didn't hurt me so I
don't know it's possible every shot did
touch an enemy in there just stay
vigilant you know we could always if we
have to we could use bombs for like a
whole floor I'm not sure if leaving sure
just gone in I'm not sure if leaving a
floor causes us to no longer have a
chance to get hit by the enemies there
but that's kind of the Assumption I'm
operating under right now it's why I'm
leaving ASAP ah we got the Sun the Sun
is definitely full health at this point
that was just dumb but okay not as dumb
as that was apparently
like I don't want to make it seem like
it's a huge deal but I'm a little mad
we're almost dead so I guess we'll just
pop that I I guess we're not gonna use
Tammy's head any longer
blow you up for a better deal with the
devil chance in a secret room the secret
rooms not what I wanted
oh you know what give me more HP then we
got a chance to bail ourselves out here
on the second-to-last floor already so
let's not throw ourselves like throw our
whole life away for just because we're a
little mad that Tammy's head isn't
working here be a little a little
unreasonable so I think you might as
well at least like give this guy a
little love and I'll take it cuz I'm not
a baby
we got a health downgrade everything
else mostly went up except for speed
yeah we could fail this one if we fail
this one we'll just do it over again
because it's been a pretty short one
here in fact one way or the other we'll
probably throw something else at the end
of this video maybe a second crack of
the speed challenge for example but yeah
my my game plan right now is get this BS
challenge done forever because I'm
hidden enemies and yet I'm taking damage
from what we're I request like an audit
of where this damage is coming from cuz
it's it's not fair right now I'm not
like trying to be a baby about it I'm
just saying you know we've we've done
our part
two hearts that's relatively big right
now so we don't need the magician we
don't need a sick loved so we don't need
credit card let's see is there another
card up here there's not probably at all
those I guess we'll take the magician
it's not like we need much help hitting
enemies but might as well get a fool
card another moon card and a Huggle Oz
room used hoggle oz moon is like a
teleport fools like a teleport don't
think it really matters where we
teleport I gotta tell you I'll be happy
just to see this one done I went into
this one with high hopes and I think
it's been entertaining but also like my
bad I guess also like very scary on the
bright side we did two cheese's me off
I'm not I'm not gonna shoot as the thing
I'm not gonna shoot until we have to
buddy in a box you can do it
bombs you can do it why would I waste my
time shooting when there's like a 40%
chance I take damage even if the enemy
gets hit
be cool be cool that was like the
opposite of being cool you almost walked
right into the shot
one of these days that'll work this is
the safest option I wish it weren't we
could also blow up the door I suppose
but nah why risk it dude
supposed to risk it for the biscuit I'm
not getting any biscuit or Triscuit even
here
you're the serving size of Triscuits is
for crackers I get that they're thicker
than your average cracker but like come
on that's unreasonable for crackers
that's not enough that's not not even
enough to think about it being a snack
much less like achieve snack we essence
please pretty good I mean we probably
should have just used it on the bot I
actually like put full responsibility
for that loss on the developers should I
have done what I did there probably not
turns out if you fire a shot which by
the way I want to point out I did not
fire a shot the shot fired
when I walked or when I use the chariot
card the shot fired but how much of that
damage was from stuff that at least from
the player perspective felt like it
never should have hit us right I'm not
talking about enemy's walking into us
I'm talking about you know shots looking
like they hit but counting is misses for
one reason or another
I'm not mad because I'm you know it
might surprise you giving me the
character that I play on the ISS more or
less but I'm an easygoing guy I'm happy
to do the challenge again I like playing
The Binding of Isaac I think it's a
great video game one of the best video
games ever made that was my bad on that
shot I actually slipped off the thing
there but that was BS
even if that last bit of damage we took
was in BS if that was deserved and I
could I could see you making a case for
that the all the damage that we took
leading up to it was BS like super BS
teleport 2.0 alright instead of book a
Belial bold decision but I do think it's
an interesting challenge I just think it
sort of doesn't work Lisa doesn't work
with the with some of the items that the
game has added it's a shame too because
that was like a really cool run we were
doing a ton of damage having a good time
and now it's gone
rate of fire is like wait worse damage
is quite good no HP so we're still
knocking on heaven's door here I got
faith I don't want to leave this episode
with this one intact I'm I'm kind of
like almost missed I'm kind of like I'm
a little disappointed by the number of
challenges I've I failed it hasn't been
that many but it's been enough to kind
of only-begotten that slightly earlier
but um it's been kind of I was hoping to
you know a sight read all of them even
if it wasn't in the first attempt at
least over the course of the first video
that hasn't been the case this time and
that's okay well you know life goes on I
think we have gotten kind of unduly
screwed on a couple of them this one
might take the cake for being like the
biggest screw job bomber boys great it's
dicey and it costs us our only bomb but
you know what let's do it now I'm aware
if we find our secret rooms we can use
teleport 2.0 to give us a deal with the
devil regardless so you might want to
consider that
might even be able to get a narrow room
out of it whether we want that is I
guess the secondary question a narrow
room that is I guess we why wouldn't we
so we should go to the shop probably
shouldn't have spent the key but you
know what this is actually pretty good
so we'll get that we'll get a spirit
heart for three cents and then now every
shop for the rest of the game will be
cheaper and then this is probably our
second secret room inside of which we
get good pills range ups okay
lockup is good explosive diarrhea is
very dangerous speed up is great
hematemesis
not good right now but certainly good
overall just like land over here thank
you you should be dead this part okay we
wasted two bombs doing that actually
pretty stupid of me
so because we got a deal this should
give us a narrow room copy you okay
we're like absolutely extraordinarily
well worth it then teleport out get a
narrow room the air room is a bunch of
judgments and blood banks I don't think
there's anything to be done here like we
could blow them up and we'd stand to
maybe get more than we spent especially
we can get a blood bag on one of these
early plays but for the most part I'm
pretty happy with the with the payout we
got there but not huge gets but still
pretty good pretty good pretty good now
I don't really want to take that
approach with every floor that we come
across to be honest with you I don't
know you might want to drop Isaac's head
even we know there's decent pills so
let's take acid baby Isaac's head
shouldn't make a big deal there might
come a time where it kills an enemy and
and we miss as a result but hopefully
it's they're few and far between
so that's pretty much the reason that
acid baby got taken it's the the chance
of their plausibly being a balls of
steel pill in the rotation means a lot
to me thank you
we're keys I would love to hit the shop
on this floor but mostly I'm trying to
minimize the number of rooms that we go
to you know what I actually think
remote detonator and the key is a
totally okay purchase maybe a card as
well strength card basically free deal
with the devil yeah okay I'm not against
this I we still have basically uh shops
worth of items left in our in our wallet
right now that's a nasty bit of damage
so I'm fairly for it we don't need to
use teleport 2.0 always as a deal with
the devil machine might be advisable in
in most circumstances it's not
compulsory
to yourself very good okay down to the
next floor this is not me rushing
because I want to finish the run quickly
this is me rushing because the less
rooms we do the better it is for us just
like scientifically speaking
so the Empress is not I mean it's about
as good as the strength card except for
the lack of HP the Empress is more like
devil card analog we're just using
teleport 2.0 as if it were teleport 1.0
right now I think that might be balls of
my it's either balls of steel or
addicted kind of a big difference
between the two addicted that's much
worse
we're not unstoppable in case that's not
blended lee clear we're not unstoppable
when it comes to our HP right now so got
a Christ just die please we got to make
a real effort not to not to take dumb
damage so we've never seen this before
or is it it makes you larger still a
highly loser bull run unfortunately oh I
almost missed with that one I almost
walked into the enemy right after bomb
bag is good bomber boy is extremely
positive for us so you know the more
bombs we can get the merrier the money
is out of control
Lebowski be very careful about those
bomber boy bombs like that was also too
close for comfort in my opinion we're
very lucky that like one-hit kills an
enemy so we don't have to overly you
know belabor the point here but nah I
mean it's decent but now we're looking
for
speaking of which we also did not get
any guppy items from the cursor room
there so well we're on the subject of
not war looking for
we'd be very careful here these are the
rooms that can screw you it's not so
much rooms with like tough enemies it's
more rooms with a lot of enemies that
find themselves being the toughest dull
razor we don't get any benefit from
being hit right now okay
well by the three Sankey again there's
there's a chance you know if he got like
a theme on this floor we got a pretty
good chance at a deal with the devil or
angel not that the angel can give us a
theme but Jesus me up might want to take
a crack at that to be honest with you
well see how things go first Wow linger
beaner sorry depression nuked an enemy
with the the Lord of Light the enemy no
longer existed as a result I took damage
when I took a shot at it that's a new
one
yeah I deserve that one that was
impatience we have moldy bread we didn't
get any sort of deal did we not go to
our curse room there not spend enough
time in the curse room to count is being
in the curse room it's gotta be honest
game kind of on thin ice right now
choosing me off a little bit with these
BS runs multiple one makes you larger
pills do manifest in it in a way that is
kind of cool but we definitely went in
here but unfortunately I feel like we
have to go back in because we need to
check off the room so that our pill
actually or sorry our teleport actually
works for us so the first one is gonna
take us to a deal with the devil and
there's a battery charge we can use that
to get to an air room I think that both
of those are like worth quite a lot
potentially so waiting for blood bag
[Music]
normally normally you don't have to
complete a run or complete a room for it
to count but apparently this time you
black powder black powder I'm going to
take and I'll explain why very
succinctly it's a way that we can kill
enemies that does not require us to
shoot which could be an important
difference maker long term here maybe
maybe not
we're gonna have a hundred percent
chance of a deal on the next floor
should we survive at least so the
strength card still has value breath of
life doesn't but we just got HP back
take the range upgrade obviously take
dad we get a son card which is extremely
valuable probably more valuable than a
strength card if I'm being honest
strength strength empress nothing to
re-roll unfortunately balls of steel
lovely item where's the Sun Empress Sun
there we go okay pop down to the next
floor sure to blow that guy up
we're on necropolis 1 how he didn't die
in one hit
Wow what's the value of the Sun full
health it means pretty much what it all
comes down to I'm gonna be
extraordinarily tempted to use it before
we need it IV bags still stinky there's
a cheeky play with it hear that I hate I
don't I don't like it it's too risky for
no benefit I know there's there's bombs
and whatnot back there oh that was such
like just instinctual shot instinctive
instinct you'll just stood there and
watch that one come in got me
second-guessing myself pretty fly is
good probably some people out there
going you know why aren't you taking the
pills into the room it's a valid concern
I think I don't want to forget about the
Sun card but we would be getting some
damage from using the pills it's like a
mass poison I think it's a smart idea to
use the pills as a mask poison despite
the fact that occasionally we might kill
an enemy that we were shooting at and
cause ourselves some problems but for
now I'm just doing it to be essentially
overly cautious make sure that we keep
the the dream of this Sun card alive
you know what that's a thank you and
thank you again very very nice pickup
there I think we probably have it at
this point but I thought we were lights
out on the last run - and as far as I'm
concerned we still were lights out on
the last run the run itself decided to
screw us I'm not at all going to worry
about a shop here and the reason for
that is very simple I really thought
this was the Deaf sex out for the Deaf
side - rather it's a tough situation
here you gotta just throw a bomb down
and get out it'll do it'll do
[Music]
got our deal we got damaged balls of
steel perks fairly good with the sun's
way better oh I think this is like a
test and are the way we win this test is
by not taking anything we need these red
hearts so the sun card provides the
value that it was destined to do as was
written sure we could have upped our
damage but is the crux of this run
damage nah we don't need 17 damage to we
have 17 damage I should say we don't
need any more than 17 damage surely to
accomplish what we set out for on this
run that's gonna hurt yeah I mean they
pushed the bomb they pushed the bomb
into me but I also sort of sat there so
we got Stompie but we didn't get our we
didn't get an HP upgrade which for some
reason I thought we were entitled to
after after 3-1 makes you larger I would
like to preserve the deal with the devil
chance as much as this regard I'd still
chance as much as possible it's just not
too likely right now getting lots of HP
do the luck is at 5 that should lead to
a lot of red hearts getting dropped and
a floor full of golden bombs is a dream
come true this floor is more like I
would really like to hit the shop on
this one you're gonna say oh you idiot
then what are you doing you just split
it well we got unlimited teleports so
I'm not too worried about not getting to
the shop before the boss fight we might
as well teleport out take something from
boss rush lord knows it was bad
lord knows we're basically more than
entitled to whatever the game wants to
give us here please be dead that was
very close polaroid could be big
ish I guess these six versus teleporting
so these six are a tack fly and I think
you go d6 here we roll that little brim
use the Sun get full HP now we can't
teleport out okay so I am actually the
world's dumbest moron I got rid of my
teleporting ability which was the whole
reason I was in here to begin with now
we actually have to fight with own and
streak on boss rush I might be one of
the dumbest people that's ever lived on
planet earth sure I mean straight up
thanks for the spirit hearts I really
appreciate it at the same time not
making me feel too good about myself
right now that one's on me
so if you'll allow me don't shoot don't
shoot
if you'll allow me I'd like to deflect
and yell at the game again for forcing
me to be in this position to begin with
when we should have just won on the last
run now you might say I know that's
deflecting personal responsibility
you're exactly correct that's why I'm
doing it so we got golden bombs
we're always not lost yet use said
golden bombs most enemies will die but
beyond most enemies dying when they when
they face a golden bomb you also just
like can't take damage that was bad
can't take damage from using them
I accept when you hit yourself what
you've done 20 times but
are you like you've been reprogrammed
with google deepmind when did you become
so resistant to bombs we're allowed to
miss a little bit I am a little bit
salty I lost the Sun card
what we have to do now is actually beat
this challenge with boss rush that way
we can make fun of everybody else who
didn't we could be like wow you guys
really oh you did own an Street but did
you do it with boss rush hey did you
needlessly do it with boss rush after
the game stole your rightful victory
because of reasons
now I also cannot teleport and get to
the shop
so essentially rest assured no one is
madder at me than me right now that
we're here I could be starting my
weekend 15 minutes early
instead of making a decision that there
was like literally no reason to human
Tamizh this is great by the way we just
just need to hold that until it becomes
more relevant
you just get one tat
well.alright black powder
there's other pills that we respect as
well we don't have them right now but
they exist tears upgrade pretty chief
amongst them stay away please
I will feel fully redeemed if we get
something good for doing boss rush I
mean a speed upgrade is is not worth the
effort we're going to right now but it's
good especially with black powder
why am i taking one makes you larger
pills like bravado combined with idiocy
like take your pick there's there's many
different reasons I'm doing a lot of
what I'm doing right now grey pale grey
pale orange peeled balls of steel keep
that in mind that's a big one
it's been a while since we had like a
classic NL facepalm like this though I
think this is you know it's good it's
good for me it's good for you good for
the goose good for the gander
that hit you're very lucky
please just be done
ah I I was so confused I was walking
backwards but it's cuz I was getting
pushed by war who was just too small to
see
we got camel Underpants four-year-old
and a robo baby 2.0 thank God well seven
luck good luck you'll need it I'm not
I'm not mad at the game anymore
maybe that's the the ultimate blessing
here a mad at myself instead and we're
in a very strange spot because I I can't
little brim without shooting and I can't
shoot with that little brimming so I'm
almost trying to screw around the
concerns here of killing an enemy with
little brim and thus having our shot
missed by just shooting kind of
rapid-fire
head of the keeper strikes me as like
concentrated uselessness right now I
think that's like our 18th pretty fly
wow what a whiff I don't want to fight
this enemy on every room at this whole
freaking game okay there's one of the
greatest needle threadings I've ever
seen I'm demoralized and he had not yet
broken thanks for watching hope you guys
have enjoyed the episode if you think
alike but upside great deal of course
subscribe be honest more in the future
but for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time I am a moron